✨(obf) add the ability to read issue events and assertions (#17)
openfun/open-badges-client: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Add `read` methods to fetch issue events and assertions from OBF API

> - `issue` method now returns a `BadgeIssue` instance

Reviewer: I think you need to add breaking changes in the CHANGELOG! We will publish a major release! :tada:

### Added

> - (breaking change) Return a `BadgeIssue` instance in the `issue` method
> - (breaking change) Add a `badges` attribute to OBF provider for badges methods

Reviewer: What about putting flags at the end of entries instead?

```suggestion
- Return a `BadgeIssue` instance in the `OBFBadge.issue` method [BC]
- Add a `badges` attribute to OBF provider for badges methods [BC]
```
